thiago said so, I do not know, I will not go
show the neighborhood not the first game
cool is watching football we did not take
any face that name of the game but the
Paulo that Brazil is a different game
ia has many games has many games
now and on mobile phones many games that
you press and you only have to decide if the
popular guy that is not only to live alone
with a button and usually this
Some repetitive calls for more
happiness things only for the most part
and this is a thing had to
to ride, you'll see
and this guy this strange game is the
successor brain within to exercise well
was the case of the game extract
Let's open the law and she's the book.
first phase we just had to
they can catch it was good was the
marketing cuts part we just had
Can you take a look at it, beauty?
which is the game tightens screen your balloon
rises s sawtelle
you can not find things maybe
the one inside the balloon that has a lot
of light balls
besides what you see is a coffee table lamp
in the morning
I only said it because the only word of the
dictionary that rhymes room, right?
funny
then certainly balloon full of vague
face flies then this model are your
life are the ones that let you continue
flying if we had a blaze and to
flying you just have to get more students from
phase and can not touch anything if
get something will lose more
fireflies
I do not know exactly what fireflies are but only
will lose these bugs now opt for
but a name I 'll go
something else is happening, and you?
The more you hold onto the screen for him
up more speed it picks you
slow down it is only you
do what gives several quick pads
or now is not good is for this several
Quick touches on the screen it will be fine
slowly
I just want to play is not good because your
eyes are coming out a little
a little
so the longer you have the more time
You have the least fireflies you go
losing this game sounds like fun
that he has a mathematics he looks only
has an honor to welcome you very pretty
so the artistic part of them are
creditors with fun songs
well, my colleagues, too.
this beast that I can not do beats him
of three volumes and so you go
recording this strange and
passing through the phases as if
there was tomorrow
the novel is a novel that he did not even know in order to
what the music of
the couple is 1 million vacancies flames
for the good of the goal and hit face in the favela
within the program of another channel to
dengue
probably suffer from the colors of
another thing
That's it, your game is benafer
mosquito knows that forró